README.md, before:

![MasterHead](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86270481/214122618-1bf43327-cdef-456e-81fe-fc71a9070c07.gif)

<h1 align="center" style="color: gold">Hi 👋, I'm Sandeep Dhanwate</h1>
<h3 align="center">  Multi-Cloud (AWS + Azure), Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Linux, Shell Script, DevSecOps, Grafana, Prometheus, Python & AI  </h3>
<br>
<h3 align="center"> Building Scalable Backend Systems | Automating Cloud & DevOps Workflows | Node.js + Python </h3>


<br>

<p><img width=400 height=400 align=right src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e8/f4/53/e8f453469a3ec97ecd354df465d73913.gif" alt=“coding” />
</p>

- 🌱 I'm an aspiring Node.js Developer and DevOps enthusiast, passionate about building secure, scalable systems and automating infrastructure. I enjoy solving technical challenges and continuously improving my skills.  


- 🌱 Ask me about **Node.js, REST APIs, Jest testing, SQL & NoSQL databases, Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD, Linux, Terraform, and Cloud (AWS & Azure)**


- 🌱 How to reach me **sandydan.dev@gmail.com**

## 🚀 Projects I'm Working On:
- ** Wait:**


<br>

## 📈 My Goals:
Strengthen skills in cloud platforms including AWS and Azure.

Gain hands-on expertise in core DevOps tools: Linux, Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, Helm, Prometheus, and Grafana.

Master the automation of infrastructure, application deployment, and environment management.

Build reliable, scalable CI/CD pipelines for modern cloud-native applications.

Improve knowledge in monitoring, alerting, and performance optimization across distributed systems.

Apply DevSecOps principles to ensure secure and compliant delivery workflows.

<br>

## Connect with me:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandeep-dhanaate-2841332b8/" target="_blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="LinkedIn Profile Icon" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://api.whatsapp.com/send/?phone=919373371377&text=Hello%20Sandeep!" target="_blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://www.vectorjungal.com/files/preview/1280x853/11722416436m7boof96vofutcqloubkchzpyuswossfwlqmxitpsszzwm6nuhf6mutjwpk3xgwm38kctvqbbovbnjijtl8vcvkn4xq5kyxnlfek.png" alt="WhatsApp Icon" height="50" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>


## DevOps & Cloud Tools:

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white) 
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) 
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) 
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) 
![JFrog](https://img.shields.io/badge/JFrog-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=jfrog&logoColor=white) 
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache-CA0B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
![SonarQube](https://img.shields.io/badge/SonarQube-4E9BCD?style=for-the-badge&logo=sonarqube&logoColor=white) 
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) 
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) 
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=for-the-badge&logo=prometheus&logoColor=white) 
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white) 

 
<br>

## Languages and Tools:

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) 
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) 
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) 
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) 
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) 
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) 
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) 
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) 
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) 
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) 
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

<br>
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=sandydan-dev&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="sandydan-dev" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sandydan-dev&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="sandydan-dev" /></p>

Commit message:

Update project section with detailed descriptions
Expanded project details to include CI/CD pipeline, cloud automation, monitoring, and DevSecOps.

README.md, after:

![MasterHead](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/86270481/214122618-1bf43327-cdef-456e-81fe-fc71a9070c07.gif)

<h1 align="center" style="color: gold">Hi 👋, I'm Sandeep Dhanwate</h1>
<h3 align="center">  Multi-Cloud (AWS + Azure), Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Terraform, Ansible, Linux, Shell Script, DevSecOps, Grafana, Prometheus, Python & AI  </h3>
<br>
<h3 align="center"> Building Scalable Backend Systems | Automating Cloud & DevOps Workflows | Node.js + Python </h3>


<br>

<p><img width=400 height=400 align=right src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e8/f4/53/e8f453469a3ec97ecd354df465d73913.gif" alt=“coding” />
</p>

- 🌱 I'm an aspiring Node.js Developer and DevOps enthusiast, passionate about building secure, scalable systems and automating infrastructure. I enjoy solving technical challenges and continuously improving my skills.  


- 🌱 Ask me about **Node.js, REST APIs, Jest testing, SQL & NoSQL databases, Docker, Kubernetes, CI/CD, Linux, Terraform, and Cloud (AWS & Azure)**


- 🌱 How to reach me **sandydan.dev@gmail.com**

## 🚀 Projects I'm Working On:
Building an end-to-end CI/CD pipeline using Git, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform, and Ansible.

Automating cloud infrastructure on AWS and Azure using Terraform and Ansible.

Implementing monitoring and logging using Prometheus, Grafana, and related observability tools.

Developing a complete DevOps workflow covering source control, build automation, testing, containerization, deployment, and monitoring.

Integrating security checks and best practices into the CI/CD process (DevSecOps).


<br>

## 📈 My Goals:
Strengthen skills in cloud platforms including AWS and Azure.

Gain hands-on expertise in core DevOps tools: Linux, Docker, Jenkins, Kubernetes, Terraform, Ansible, Helm, Prometheus, and Grafana.

Master the automation of infrastructure, application deployment, and environment management.

Build reliable, scalable CI/CD pipelines for modern cloud-native applications.

Improve knowledge in monitoring, alerting, and performance optimization across distributed systems.

Apply DevSecOps principles to ensure secure and compliant delivery workflows.

<br>

## Connect with me:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sandeep-dhanaate-2841332b8/" target="_blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="LinkedIn Profile Icon" height="30" width="40" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://api.whatsapp.com/send/?phone=919373371377&text=Hello%20Sandeep!" target="_blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://www.vectorjungal.com/files/preview/1280x853/11722416436m7boof96vofutcqloubkchzpyuswossfwlqmxitpsszzwm6nuhf6mutjwpk3xgwm38kctvqbbovbnjijtl8vcvkn4xq5kyxnlfek.png" alt="WhatsApp Icon" height="50" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>


## DevOps & Cloud Tools:

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white) 
![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Azure-0078D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) 
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white) 
![Jenkins](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jenkins-D24939?style=for-the-badge&logo=jenkins&logoColor=white) 
![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansible-EE0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) 
![JFrog](https://img.shields.io/badge/JFrog-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=jfrog&logoColor=white) 
![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/Apache-CA0B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=apache&logoColor=white)
![SonarQube](https://img.shields.io/badge/SonarQube-4E9BCD?style=for-the-badge&logo=sonarqube&logoColor=white) 
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) 
![Grafana](https://img.shields.io/badge/Grafana-F46800?style=for-the-badge&logo=grafana&logoColor=white) 
![Prometheus](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prometheus-E6522C?style=for-the-badge&logo=prometheus&logoColor=white) 
![Terraform](https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-7B42BC?style=for-the-badge&logo=terraform&logoColor=white) 

 
<br>

## Languages and Tools:

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) 
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) 
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black) 
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) 
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) 
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white) 
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white) 
![Jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white) 
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) 
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) 
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) 
![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SQLite-003B57?style=for-the-badge&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) 
![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white)

<br>
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=sandydan-dev&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="sandydan-dev" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sandydan-dev&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="sandydan-dev" /></p>
